coverage: Enable unit tests (#18903)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/developer/code-coverage.md

We can see that some of the newly added code is not covered. This is the point where we should think about if we can write an explicit test case that tests this code adequately.

> Code which is only covered by unit tests, but not by any end-to-end test, is highlighted with a `.` intead of `!`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code that is only covered by unit tests, but not by any end-to-end test, is highlighted with a `.` instead of `!`.
```
